Yeah, it's me.
You must be a passerby.
Heard of a guy playing with pants
Playing with pants
Friend, you are right.
Five years ago, I was nothing.
But starting today
You might have a big opinion of me
Like rolling you move my son I'm afraid
Days without you
Don't ask for a reason
Blame others
What kind of father am I?
Teach me what kind of education Peng Yu
Your son is not well educated.
I will educate you for you
How do you want to thank me?
You can be anything
Talk to me like that
What am I?
Ah, deer, you are dead!
Ahhh boss
How can I let my son go?
You ugly son
I play this
Dad, you are also ugly, Dad
Take the young master to flirt
Yes, sir, walk slowly